Convert CS lessons to be Javascript specific (#24466)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/computer_science/project_binary_search_trees.md

1. Build a `Tree` object which accepts an array when initialized. The `Tree` object should have a `root` attribute which uses the return value of `build_tree` which you'll write next.

1. Write a `build_tree` function which takes an array of data (e.g. [1, 7, 4, 23, 8, 9, 4, 3, 5, 7, 9, 67, 6345, 324]) and turns it into a balanced binary tree full of `Node` objects appropriately placed (don't forget to sort and remove duplicates!). The `build_tree` function should return the level-0 root node.

1. Write an `insert` and `delete` functions which accepts a value to insert/delete (you'll have to deal with several cases for delete such as when a node has children or not). If you need additional resources, check out these two articles on [inserting](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/binary-search-tree-set-1-search-and-insertion/?ref=lbp) and [deleting](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/binary-search-tree-set-2-delete/?ref=lbp), or [this video](https://youtu.be/wcIRPqTR3Kc) with several visual examples.

1. Write a `find` function which accepts a value and returns the node with the given value.

> 1. Write a `level_order` function which accepts another function as a parameter. `level_order` should traverse the tree in breadth-first level order and yield each node to the provided function. This function can be implemented using either iteration or recursion (try implementing both!). The method should return an array of values if no function is given. **Tip:** You will want to use an array acting as a queue to keep track of all the child nodes that you have yet to traverse and to add new ones to the list (as you saw in the [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86g8jAQug04)).

Reviewer: Yield each node to the provided function sounds weird for JS. Wording suggestion:
```suggestion
1. Write a `levelOrder` function which accepts another function as a parameter. `levelOrder` should traverse the tree in breadth-first level order and provide each node as the argument to the provided function. This function can be implemented using either iteration or recursion (try implementing both!). The method should return an array of values if no function is given. **Tip:** You will want to use an array acting as a queue to keep track of all the child nodes that you have yet to traverse and to add new ones to the list (as you saw in the [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86g8jAQug04)).
```
